# Voice-Trained-Nurse-Assistant-Robot
 It is a PIC16F877A microcontroller based line follower wheelie robot and also consist of obstacle detection  system which will move towards very quickly and efficiently. This  system also have an inbuilt voice recognition system which will record the needs  and requirements of patients and show it only in front of authorized persons.
In this undertaking I am going to plan an assistive robot which assist the nurses and other medical staffs to interact with patients remotely. Nurses are the one of the milestones warriors of the medical field, who play a vital role to protect each and every valetudinarian. This robot not only assist the nurses but also other health workers and medical staffs and also effectively reduce the wide spread of pandemics like Covid-19, Nipah Virus, etc. The working of this system is, we only need to place this Robot on the starting point of the line that is the point of departure. It goes to the mentioned room with the help of line drawn on the floor. If any obstacle come in front of the robot, it will stop instantly and start moving forward only after ensuring there is no object in front of the Robot. Once it reaches the destination, the Voice Recognition module become active and the patient can speak to the robot that what they want. The Robot will store that data and the Robot will comes back to the point of departure very safely. While reaching the station the Robot will shows the patient’s needs and requirements on the LCD display. This Voice Trained Nurse Assistant Robot can easily sanitized by both liquid sanitization and UV Sanitization.
